hey there it is Matt with a000x leads
here and this video will be all about
scaling a digital product and how to do
that to get to agency clients when you
do this it's one of the best ways to
grow your agency but it's very very rare
that you see people do it for their
agency these days it's mostly like a
info product or some kind of media
business that's going to do this type of
stuff but it works for an agency I did
it I know dozens of other people who do
it successfully and I will show you
exactly what it takes the digital
product is over here in the overall
marketing funnel it can be used as a
tool to drive ads to in the top of
funnel but it also can be used to
qualify your leads and to push them
further down to a sales call or
something like
that I like the digital product funnels
because they're very easy to understand
for just about anyone part of the
problem with a lot of these book a call
funnels magnet funnels that kind of
stuff is that it can be delayed it's
30day 60-day 90day sales cycle and if
you don't know what you're doing you're
kind of waiting for that feedback loop
as opposed to this digital product where
the feedback Loop's going to be instant
they're going to buy or they're not and
if they buy you get that cash flow right
away as opposed to having to spend it in
advance as in typical Leen funnel and
hopefully it comes back to you it's very
easy to understand especially if you
come from an e-commerce background or
you just don't have that much experience
breaking even in terms of your ad spend
on this type of funnel is kind of like
the Promise Land as it comes to agency
ads if you're breaking even let's say
you have a $100 aov and it's $80 cost
per acquisition on the ads you're
basically getting leads for free because
the ad cost is being liquidated on the
front end and this leads to a very nice
no stress upselling over time because
unlike the book a call or the lead
magnet funnel where you're just kind of
have to force it cuz you need that ad
spend back this is a very very good way
to do it where it doesn't really even
matter if they become clients cuz you've
already got that ad spend back another
key distinction between this and a book
a call or a lead magnet funnel is these
are paying customers they're not free
optins and as such they're going to be a
lot more valuable to you even if they
don't convert over time it's very very
good these are people who have signified
that they have a credit card first and
foremost they have the problem and
they're willing to spend versus just
someone who signed up for a form to get
a free call or to get a free lead
Magnum for all of my digital products I
follow eight criteria and these are
going to be them just going to read them
off here and you can take notes or do
whatever you want your digital product
needs to make them more money or save
them time needs to be priced under $100
as that seems to be the impulse purchase
mental psychological limit it needs to
be clear on how buying it could
potentially get them 100 times Roi
return on investment or more I always
say Ras and that's not Roi it's
Roi it has to be 100% automated with no
fulfillment so like a lot of the time
you'll see people doing I'll make you
three ad creatives for $97 that's not a
digital product that is a service that
costs $97 those are two different things
100% automated no fulfillment and that's
just necessary or you're not going to be
able to scale it you also have to have
four additional bonuses or more that
solve natural next steps or problems and
these bonuses need to be worth the price
of the digital product all on their own
so let's say you sold a digital product
for 97 all four bonuses need to be worth
$97 in the mind of the potential
Customer because if you have the main
thing plus these four bonuses and they
just think well these are all pretty
good if even one of the five are going
to is that is true this is going to be
worth it like that's the that's the
situation you want to get in someone's
mind they should also be quick to use
and have a low learning curve and
ideally not have tons of different
software cost associated with them they
should be a natural continuation from
your digital product to your intro offer
or recurring service or what's the point
we're not really making profit on the
front end it's just to get leads and if
they're irrelevant leads it's not really
a point of doing all this
and then it should be attractive to
every level of the target market meaning
it should be just as attractive to
beginners as nine and 10 figure
CEOs and that's can be hard to do but it
is possible these are the eight criteria
if you're not going to satisfy these
eight criteria just don't even try in my
opinion I hate when people ask me what
if I get five or six of these and it
just makes me so mad because if you're
going to have ass something why even
bother doing it at all and just get
angry so don't do
that I'm going to go over what I did at
my previous agency to kind of push these
points home or drive them home and to
show you what it might actually look
like with a real product as opposed to
just some criteria someone on the
internet me let list it off here so I
did 100 web flow templates at my last
agency that I sold and these were
landing page templates with the purpose
of reducing their cost per acquisition
of their Facebook ads for e-commerce
stores and over a 6-month period give or
take 6 months plus 6 months of fully
running it but it took me a little bit
to find out what worked type thing I
sold about 14,500 units and that number
comes from comparing you know just in
stripe the number of people and then
I'll tell you how many customers I got
after that so
does webflow landing page templates and
these are the ones I sold right right
here there's a good mix of them there's
three types of landing pages in
e-commerce there's a sales page a
listicle and an
advertorial so what I did was I
basically paid basically found landing
pages that I liked and paid people on
Fiverr to recreate them and we'll go
over that
shortly but this is kind of like let's
go so I just kind of did that and just
found a bunch of landing pages recreated
them and then we use these as
templates basically was our strategy so
what I did was yeah let's just go over
it so it's very easy to see how these
would make them money or save time both
realistically if it led to a higher
conversion rate that's making them more
money saving a lot of time because they
don't have to develop them or design
them themselves they just have to
duplicate and then write the copy I sold
these for $97 so that's $100 or less and
if it makes their ads even 10% better
and they spend you know 100K a month on
these which a lot of people do you know
it's easy to see how it get them 100
times Roi a lot of them have very bad
product pages or landing pages that
they're running their ad traffic to as
well so it's not uncommon for them to be
50% better which means they're going to
get their 100 times Roi in a matter of
days it was automated through access
with a made in web flow link so if you
don't know what that is you search just
made with webflow
so made in web
flow um and you can go clonable sites
only what we did was made these all
clonable so they would just search our
company name at the time and just click
on it and clone it in their own webflow
account they could pick and choose which
ones they wanted or they could you know
get all of them that's up to them you
can make this a nice private link too so
no one else can do it except the ones
you send the link to
didn't know that at the time we were
setting them manually breaking that rule
but is what it is so for four more
bonuses all of them were worth $97 on
their own so when I talk about the
natural next steps even if they have the
template they need to write the copy so
I had a bunch of copywriting prompts
that were very good in my opinion and I
had them segmented by the different
types of landing pages the sales page
the advertorial and the listicle I had a
bunch of ab tests like okay now that you
have your landing page we want to
improve it run these 25 AB tests I had a
master class on how to create good
offers just cuz the offer is going to
hold people back quite a bit especially
e-commerce brand owners in general don't
seem to have the skill set that
Affiliates and direct response marketers
have so they need a lot of help on
making an offer and then I did a swipe
file of a bunch of successful landing
pages so all four of these are worth 97
on their own I made it clear on how all
all of these will lead to that 100x Roi
too maybe we should have drawn an arrow
here but just one of those things very
very important these are quick to use
and easy to learn much easier than a
designer and a developer and web flow is
very cheap 29 a month if I sold landing
pages of course it naturally leads into
that landing page templates landing page
done for you and it's valid to all
levels of the market so what I mean by
that very attractive to beginners drop
shippers Affiliates direct response
marketers just normal brand owners Big
Brand owners and even nine and 10 figure
brand the CEO sees this you know
whatever $97 send them to my team if
they want to use them great if not no
problem and that is the key like it's
running a Facebook at these literally
anyone could buy it that has a Shopify
store or even if they use something like
clickfunnels or funnelish or checkout
champ or some obscure third party
e-commerce
tool very very important and then let's
go over to you know actual metrics so
14,500 is unit sold and then I got this
2.1% upsell rate and that is by
comparing the number of people who
bought these templates versus bought a
landing page not a perfect system
because I'm sure some current clients
saw this and then bought the landing
pages after but just to give you an idea
2.1%
I had an option of 2500 for 1 or 5,000
for three and most people chose one so I
and I did the math at at this on one
point for a video and I settled on a
$3,300 average between those two if I
did 14 14,500 units sold times
0.21
oops I got 304 clients from this based
on that math and if they're 3,300
aov that's one
million 4,000 Revenue I had a lifetime
70% margin on these just because we had
our own prompts we had all our funnels
that we duplicated very profitable
systemized productized offer and then
that 73,000 of profit kind of in my
Heyday with this funnel ran it for about
6 months so that's
$117,000 in profit per month just from
running this funnel so you can make a
lot of money on this and then 14 ,500
units sold I was not really profiting on
the front end but if you just do $97
that's about 1.4 million in Revenue
virtually no profit I believe I actually
lost a little bit of money over the
course of this um so it is what it
is the all the money is made from
upselling them on the back end it's not
from the product
itself when I was making this video I
asked around got a little Q&A section
here here so what should this landing
page look like and it should not be like
an e-commerce page where it's focused on
design it should be very copy focused
and focused on the results so what I did
was I just in preparation for this found
somebody's landing page that was on my
Instagram feed paid someone on fiber to
clone it and this is a good example of
it being copy focused I think on these
landing pages if you can either a video
or photo examples of what they're going
to get the classic you know copy copy
copy copy lots of social proof but you
don't want to make it super designed
it's the result they're going to get and
proof as opposed to you know design see
look at all this proof this person has
very nice what should I price my product
at was another popular question I prefer
$97 because it's kind of the highest you
can go without getting that $100
threshold this will give you more margin
for air in terms of your cost for
acquisition just because you can very
much get a $97 CPA but if you're selling
something for 17 it's going to be hard
to get a $17 or less CPA and that's the
whole point on these ads as you're
breaking even in addition to this I have
found that the more they pay for the
product on the front end the less likely
they are to refund and be annoying and
the more likely they are to convert to
an actual client which just makes sense
someone spending 97 and they're spending
five times as much as if they were
spending 17 or
$20 should I spend significant time
doing this if you're trying to scale a
fuge business I feel that the paid
product funnel is one of the best as
it's risk-free once you break even
because that cash flows instantaneous
and you're getting people who prove they
have a credit card and are willing to
spend as customers for your product
they're not high ticket clients yet but
they have a good potential to become
High ticket
clients how do I sell this digital
product once I make it you're going to
sell it passively through you know
content in your YouTube description your
Twitter bio LinkedIn maybe email list
but the main thing you're want to do is
have an ad funnel so the nice thing
about this is the cash flow comes back
to you instantaneous from product sales
so you can scale it a lot quicker and a
lot bigger than the traditional Leen
funnels it's very very good the final
question I have here is what metrics
would you be optimizing for
realistically a 3% conversion rate in ad
traffic would be very good and it's
simple math if you have a $97 average
order value and a 3% conversion rate you
need to get a cost per click of
$2.9 or less aim for Less because
there's going to be Payment Processing
fees but this is actual pure math in
this case it's more of selling a product
a lot of people are going to say like
well it's all about you know the only
thing that matters is sales which is
true but if we have a $10 cost per click
the math isn't mathing and and it
doesn't matter what the sales
are I will admit that if you have a
digital Pro or a book a call funnel you
can get like a $30 cost per click and a
10% call book rate and that's $300 a
call and you close 20% of those that's
$1,500 CPA like that math works and it's
about the math it's not about these
numbers right you know $1,500 CPA and
you have a 20K LTV that math Works a $30
cost per click on a digital product
funnel does not work so it's just a
matter of knowing what type of funnel
you are doing and not trying to apply
math that doesn't work let's wrap the
video up with some action steps so the
first one find a landing page that you
like and then go to Fiverr and get
someone to clone it if it's if you want
to use web flow search for that if you
want to use
clickfunnels you know search
clickfunnels pages and just choose
whoever and say send them the URL 100
bucks clone this for me
the next step is to create the actual
product itself usually some form of
templates or asset works the best you're
going to want to create an email
delivery flow that triggers based on the
stripe payment or the clickfunnels
payment to deliver it to them and then
explain it treat it like an onboarding
flow where you teach them how to use it
and that kind of
stuff pay some ugc creators or some
editors for the ads do that on Fiverr
and then create the bonuses in these
five steps you should be good to go so
if you like like this video let me know
in the comments and I'll see you in the
next one